[Improve][doc] Insist about default behaviour for retention. (#17958)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/cookbooks-retention-expiry.md

### Defaults

> You can set message retention at instance level with the following two parameters: `defaultRetentionTimeInMinutes` and `defaultRetentionSizeInMB`. Both parameters are set to `0` by default that means "Disable message retention".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set message retention at instance level with the following two parameters: `defaultRetentionTimeInMinutes` and `defaultRetentionSizeInMB`. By default, both parameters are set to `0`, which means disabling message retention.
```
